Minor edit: headings in the <label> page. (#22437)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/label/index.md

{{EmbedInteractiveExample("pages/tabbed/label.html", "tabbed-shorter")}}

> Associating a `<label>` with an {{htmlelement("input")}} element (or other control) offers some major advantages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Associating a `<label>` element with an {{htmlelement("input")}} element (or other controls such as ) offers some major advantages, including the following:
```
could we give an example of other controls here?

> Associating a `<label>` with an {{htmlelement("input")}} element (or other control) offers some major advantages:

Author: ```suggestion
Associating a `<label>` with a form control, such as {{htmlelement("input")}} or  {{htmlelement("textarea")}}   offers some major advantages:
```

> Associating a `<label>` with a form control, such as {{htmlelement("input")}} or  {{htmlelement("textarea")}}   offers some major advantages:

Reviewer 2: Remove a couple of spaces
```suggestion
Associating a `<label>` with a form control, such as {{htmlelement("input")}} or {{htmlelement("textarea")}} offers some major advantages:
```

- The label text is not only visually associated with its corresponding text input; it is programmatically associated with it too. This means that, for example, a screen reader will read out the label when the user is focused on the form input, making it easier for an assistive technology user to understand what data should be entered.
- When a user clicks or touches/taps a label, the browser passes the focus to its associated input (the resulting event is also raised for the input). That increased hit area for focusing the input provides an advantage to anyone trying to activate it — including those using a touch-screen device.

> To explicitly associate the `<label>` with an `<input>` element, you need to give the `<input>` an `id` attribute. The `<label>` then needs a `for` attribute whose value is the same as the input's `id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To explicitly associate a `<label>` element with an `<input>` element, you first need to add the `id` attribute to the `<input>` element. Next, you add the `for` attribute to the `<label>` element, where the value of `for' is the same as the `id` in the `<input>` element.
```

> To explicitly associate a `<label>` element with an `<input>` element, you first need to add the `id` attribute to the `<input>` element. Next, you add the `for` attribute to the `<label>` element, where the value of `for' is the same as the `id` in the `<input>` element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To explicitly associate a `<label>` element with an `<input>` element, you first need to add the `id` attribute to the `<input>` element. Next, you add the `for` attribute to the `<label>` element, where the value of `for` is the same as the `id` in the `<input>` element.
```

## Examples

> ### Implicit label example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Defining an implicit label
```
...to use action-oriented example headings

```html
<label>Click me <input type="text" /></label>
```

{{EmbedLiveSample('Simple_label_example', '200', '50', '')}}

> ### Explicit label: using the "for" attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Defining an explicit label with the "for" attribute
```
